1. What are the Different Types of Selector we have in CSS ?
-> 1. Simple Selector - Select ELements based on name,id and class.
   2. Combinator Selector - Select ELements based on Specific Relationship between them.
   3. Pseudo-class Selector - Select ELements based on Certain States of an HTML element.
   4. Pseudo-element Selector- Pseudo-element Selector is used to Select Specifc part
      of an HTML element.
   5. Attribute Selector - Selects ELements based on an Specific Attribute or Attribute value.


 2. What are the Different Positions we have in CSS ?
 -> The Position Propery Specifies the type of Positioning Method used for an Element.
    The Different Types Of Positions are 
    1. Static - Static Postion is the default Position in a Web Page.An ELement with Static
       Position is placed According to the flow of the Page.
    2. Relative - An ELement with Position Relative is Positioned Relative to its normal 
       Position.
    3. Fixed - An Element with Position Fixed is Positioned Fixed with the Viewport which 
       means it remains in its Position Fixed.
    4. Absoulte -  An ELement with Position Absoulte is placed Relative to its nearest
       Ancestor.
    5. Sticky - An ELement with Position Sticky is placed based on the users Scroll 
       Position. Sticky ELement Toogles between relative and Fixed.

3.  What are the Different types of Combinator Selectors ?
->  There are four Types of Combinator Selector
    1. Descendent Selector(Space) - The descendant selector matches all elements that are 
       descendants of a specified element.
    2. Child Selector(>) - The child selector selects all elements that are the children of 
       a specified element.
    3. Adjacent Sibling Selector(+) - The adjacent sibling selector is used to select an element 
       that is directly after specified element.
    4. General Sibling Selector(~) - The general sibling selector selects all elements that 
       are next siblings of a specified element.

4. What do you mean by Media Queries ?
-> Media Queries is a Concept/Technique in CSS for Creating Responsive Web Designs.    
   e.g: @media only screen and (max-width: 600px) {
          body {
            background-color: lightblue;
         }
       }


5. What do you mean by Flexbox in CSS ?
-> FlexBox in CSS is a Flex Container that treat all the elements inside the box as flex 
   Elements or inline Elements. 

6. What is the Difference between CSS Grid and CSS Flexbox ?
->                 CSS Grid           |                    CSS FlexBox

   1. Two Dimentional                        1. One Dimentional

7  Which is better CSS Grid or CSS Flexbox ?
-> CSS Flexbox is better than CSS Grid for Normal Design Layout and CSS Grid is Better 
   than CSS FlexBox for Complex Design Layouts.
    

8. What do you mean by Cascading in CSS ?
-> Cascading is Rules based Priorty and Hierarchy in Applying Styles.
    Priorties of Styling in CSS - 
      
    Note --
    If we Provide Multiple Styles to the same element in the same Scope then Last Style will 
    get Implemented.
    Styling Proprioties
    -------------------------------------------------------------
    Inline Style > Internal Style > External CSS

    Parent Style Properties values. >  Default Style Properties Values of the Browser in
    Which it is Openned.

    Id > Class > Generic Selector

    !Important Keyword has the Heightest Proiorty Over other Elements.

9.  What do you mean by Specificity in CSS ?
->  If there are two or more CSS rules that point to the same element, the selector with the
    highest specificity value will get Applied to the ELement.
    There is a Specificity value Calculator that Calculates the Specificity Value.

10. What do you mean by Inheritence in CSS ?
->  CSS Inheritence is the Process Where Child HTML ELement Inherites CSS Properties value 
    from the Parent HTML ELements.  

    There are Three Main Properties of Inheritence -
    1.Inherit - In Case of Inherit the ELement will Inherit Properties from the Parent to
    the Child ELement.
    2.Intial - In Case of Intial ELement Will get Intialized with the default Value as Per 
    Default Value Provided by the Browser.
    3.Unset - In This Case ELement Properties will Reset to its Natural Values as Per as 
    Provided by the CSS rules, It may be Inherit Parent Property Value or Intial Value.

11. How does Semantics Tags help both Developer and the Browser ?     
->  Semantics Tags describes its Meaning to the Developer So that He Can Know Meaning of the Tag 
    and Where it Should go and what Should be placed In.

    


    


       

