J2EE/JEE - (JDK1.2)
It is the platform by which we develop Web and Enterprise Application in Java.


Web Application in J2EE is Developed using the Technologies like
Servlet
JSP

Enterprise Application in J2EE is Developed using Technologies like
EJB (Enterprise Java Bean)
RMI (Remote Method Invocation)

Now a days These Above Technologies are not used for Developing Enterprise based Application.
Instead We use WebServices to Develop Enterprise Based Application.

CGI(Common Gateway Interface) -
(CGI) programs run on the server and generate a response to return to the requesting client.
CGI programs can be written in the C, C++, Java, and Perl languages, and as shell scripts.

Disadvantages of CGI Over Servlet --
1. If Number of Clients increases,it takes more time for sending response.
2. For each request, It Starts a process and web server is limited to Start Process.
   (if N Number of User requests then N no of Processes got Created)

This is the Reason Servlet Came into Picture

Advantages of Servlet - 
1. Each request is run in a seperate thread, so servelet request processing is significantly
   faster than the Traditional CGI processing.
2. Servlet is Scalable.
3. Servlet is Platform Independent.
4. web Container provides additional services to the servlets, such as Error Handling & 
   Security.
5. Servlet is Robust and Object Oriented.       

Note --
Servlet APIs are given by Java Libarary but Web Server Like Tomcat Apache, Glassfish Provides
the Implementation of These APIs.It is Different for Different Web Servers.

What do you mean by Marker Interfaces ?
-> Marker Interfaces are Those Interface Which are not Having any Method.
e.g - Serilizable Interface

J2EE Technologies --

1. Component Technology
2. Container Technology
3. Server Technology
4. Directory Structure Technology
5. Communication Technology
6. Service Technology

1. Component Technology - 
   It is Divided into two Parts 
   Web Component - Servlet , JSP (This Component is responsible for Generating Dynamic pages/
   Content)
   EJB Component - EJB (This Component is responsible for Adding Business Logic in Web Pages).


2. Container Technology -

   Container - It is the runtime Enviroment for any Web Page and EJB Component.
   Container is present inside the Server.
   Container is Consisting of JVM Implementation and J2EE API Implementation.

   It Divided into two Parts -
   Web Container - Responsible for running Web Component.
   EJB Container - Responsible for EJB Component.


3. Server Technology - 

  Web Server - A web server is software and hardware that uses HTTP (Hypertext Transfer 
  Protocol) and other protocols to respond to client requests made over the World Wide Web.

  Server is Divided into Parts -

  WebServer -  Contains web container only which means it can run only servlet and jsp programs.
  e.g - Apache Tomcat  
  Note - 
  It is Light weight.
  It is having Less feature as compared to Application Server.

  ApplicationSever - Contains web container and ejb container which means it can run both
  servlet and jsp program and ejb program.
  e.g - WebLogic
  Note -
  It is heavy weight.
  It is having more feature as comapared to Web Server.
  Here we the extra Java Service features.

  4. Directory Technology - 

  The Directory Structure for Servlet Program is given below
  Root Folder ->(WEB-INF & (JSP Pages, Static HTML pages, Applet Classes))
  WEB-INF - (lib, classes, tags & Web.xml)

  classes - All Server Side .class files for this Web Module.
  lib - All Library files.


  5. Communication Technology - 
     
   Under Communication Technology different Protocols comes like
   HTTP, FTTP, SMTP, POP
   Protocols are the set of Rules for the Communication over Server.

  6. Service Technology - 

  There are Different services which J2EE Provides
  Mailing Service
  Messaging Service 
  Connection Pooling 

  Note - 
  Whenever we make any request from the browser on the server then request and response 
  objects are being Created by Container and both will destroy after response will be received
  by the client browser.

  What do you mean by ServletContext ?
  The object of ServletContext provides an interface between the container and servlet. The 
  ServletContext object can be used to get configuration information from the web.xml file.
  It is created once per Web Application.
  Servlet Context Implementation is vendor specific. 

  What is the difference between ServletContext and ServletConfig ?
  ServletConfig is used by only single servlet to get configuration information from web. xml 
  whereas ServletContext is used by multiple Servlet to get configuration information from 
  xml files.


  Steps behind Working of Java Servlet Wep Application -

  1. First We Deploy Our Application
  2. User Makes a Resuest to the Server for a resource.
  3. Then Servlet Context Object will get created.
  4. Then web Container Searches for the requested URL Pattern and finds Appropiate Servlet.
  5. Then Specific Servlet will get Loaded into the Memory.
  6. Then Instance of that Servlet will get created and ServletConfig Object will also get created.
  7. Init method of that Servlet will also get Executed.
  8. At Last The Destroy method will get Called. 


       


