   What do you mean by FrameWorks ?
-> A FrameWork is a Platform for developing Software Application.
   A FrameWork may include predefined classes and functions that can be used to 
   process input and Interact with System Softwares. 
   A FrameWork is similar to an API.

   What do you mean by ORM ?
-> ORM stands for Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) is a programming technique for converting 
   data between relational databases and object oriented programming languages such as Java,
   C#, etc.

   Class Name - Table Name
   Data Members - Column Name
   Objects - Rows

   What do you mean by Hibernate ?
-> Hibernate is a Java framework that simplifies the development of Java application to interact
   with the database.  
   It is an open source, lightweight, ORM (Object Relational Mapping) tool. Hibernate 
   implements the specifications of JPA (Java Persistence API) for data persistence.
   It was invented by Gavin King.


   Commonly Used Hibernate Annotations --

   1. @Entity - Used to Mark any class as an Entity.
   2. @Table - Used to change the table Details.
   3. @Id - Used to Mark any column as a Primary key.
   4  @Transient - Tells the Hibernate not to save this field.
   5  @Column - Used to specify Column Mapping, Change the column name in the associated table
      in the databse.
   6. GeneratedValue - Hibernate will automatically generate values for that Field Using an 
      internally Sequence.There we don't have to set it manually.
   7. @Lob - Lob tells Hibernate that this is a large Object, not a simple Object.   
   8. @Temporal - Temporal over a date field tells Hibernate the format in which the date
      needs to be saved.


   Difference between get and load methods of Hibernate for fetching Data   


                     get()                                  load()

      1. get method of Hibernate Session            1. load() method throws ObjectNotFoundException
         returns null if object is not found in        if object is found on cache as well as on
         cache as well as database.                    database but never return null.

      2. get() method involves database 
         hits where ever we call it, except         2. load() method involves returning a 
         calling the same object from Session          proxy object from the database where
         cache.                                        ever we call load method.It only hits
                                                       database when we print response object 
                                                       or use response object.This is known 
                                                       as lazy intialization.


   What is the use of Embeddable decorator ?
   The @Embeddable decorator we use it to specify the class component entity should be 
   stored in the another class table as a component.
   The @Embedded annotation is used to specify the Address entity should be stored in the 
   STUDENT table as a component.@Embeddable annotation is used to specify the Address class
   will be used as a component.


   What do you mean by HBL ?
-> Hibernate Query Language (HQL) is an object-oriented query language, similar to SQL, but 
   instead of operating on tables and columns, HQL works with persistent objects and their 
   properties.

   Note - 
   HQL also supports SQL.
   HQL is database inDependent.
   SQL is database Dependent.
   In HQL we use Class Name instead of Table Names for raising Quries.
   In HQL Properties are Class Data Members.
   In SQL Properties are Table Column Names.

   What do you mean by Caching in Hibernate ?
-> Caching is a meachnism to enhance the performance of the Application.
   Caching is used to reduce the number of database Queries.  

   Types of Hibernate Caching
   1. First Level Caching -- 
      First Level Caching Deals with the Session Object.
      It is byDefault Provided.

   2. Second Level Caching --
      Second Level Caching Deals with the SessionFactory.
      Manually Enabled.


   What are the Different Fetch Types in Hibernate ?
-> There are two Fetch Types in Hibernate  -
   1. Lazy Loading - 
      In Lazy Loading Associated data loads only when explicitly call getter or size methods.
   2. Eager Loading -
      It is a Design Pattern in Which data Loading Occurs on the Spot.


   What do you mean Hibernate LifeCycle States ?
-> Hibernate LifeCycles States 
   1. Transient State
      When we create object and Set Properties of that Object 
      Using Getters and Setters then That Object is in the Transient State.

   2. Persistent State
      An Object Enters into Persistent State When we link that Object with the Session
      Object like We Try to Save Data in the Database using SessionObject.Save(Object).
      In This State Object is in Association with Session Object and Data is Saved in the 
      Database.

   3. Detached State
      An Object Enters into the Detached State when we close the Session Object or clear 
      the Session Object using close and clear method on Session Object.
      From Detached state if we want to move to Persistent State, we can do that by using 
      Save method and Other methods on Session Object.

   4. Removed State
      An Object Enters into Removed State when our Object is in Association with the 
      Session Object but the Data is Deleted from the Database.




