                                    Angular
             -------------------------------------------------------------                       

   What do you mean by Angular?
-> Angular is a framework that is used to build client side applications.
   It is used in the development of Single Page Applications (SPAs).

    Differnece between ClientSide Scripting and ServerSide Scripting  
->  Client Side Scripting              |     Server Side Scripting 
  1.Source Code is Visible to the           1.Source code is not visible to the user.
    User.                                 

  2.It runs on the Computer.                2.It Runs on the Webserver.
  
  3.It does not provide Security for        3.It Provides more security of data.
     data.

  4.HTML,CSS,Javascript is used.            4.Java,Python,Ruby,PHP are used.

  5.It is a technique used in web           5.It is a technique that uses scripts on 
    development in which scripts run          the webserver to produce a response that is 
    on the client’s browser.                  customized for each client’s request.



   What is the difference between Reactjs and Angular ?
->            React.js                        |             Angular
   1. It Works on the Concept of Virtual        1. It does not have any concept like
      DOM where things first get affected          virtual dom.It directly deals with 
      in the virtual dom and then Browsers         the browsers DOM.
      DOM.
   2. It is Written in Javascript.              2. It is Written in the typescript.
   3. Reactjs does not uses Dependency          3. It uses Dependency Injection Concept.
      Injection Concept.  
   4. React.js holds JSX hence the usage        4. Angular, on the other,hand is a mere 
      of HTML codes and syntax is enabled.         subset of HTML.
      But this doesn’t make react js a 
      subset of HTML. This is purely 
      JavaScript-based.                      

   What is InterPolation in Angular ?
-> Angular interpolation is used display a component property in the respective
   view template with double curly braces syntax.Interpolation is used 
   for one way data binding. Interpolation moves data in one direction from
   components typescript file to respective HTML templates.
   Note --
   What are the things that we can do with Interpolation
   1. We can solve Expression value in the Interpolation
    e.g - 
    {{Data}}
   2. We can not assign a value to a variable in the expression in the interpolation
    {{data = "Sujit Kumar Verma"}}   
   3. We can not perform increment/decrement operation in the interpolation.
    e.g  - {{data++}}
   4. We can not use typeof Operator in the Interpolation
    e.g - {{ typeof(data)}}


   What is Module in Angular ?
-> Module in Angular refers to a place where you can group the components,
   directives, pipes, and services, which are related to the application. 

   What are Components ?
-> Components are the main building block for Angular applications. 
   Each Component is Consisting of --
   A Typescript file
   A Component Testing file	
   A View Template file
   A CSS file


   What is one way binding ?
-> One-way data binding in Angular is a unidirectional Data binding Technique.It is a way 
   to bind data from the component ts file to the view template or vice versa - from view
   to the component.

   Note --
   we can do one binding by using interpolation.
   <h1>{{Data}}</h1>
   Property binding also comes under one way binding.
   <input type="text" placeholder="Enter Your Name" [value]=name >


   What is Property binding ?
-> Property binding in Angular is technique which is used to set values for properties of HTML
   elements or directives.
   e.g - 
   <input type="text" placeholder="Enter Your Name" [value]=name >

   What is two way Data Binding ?
-> Two-way data binding refers to sharing data between a component class file 
   and its View template. If you change data in one place, it will automatically 
   reflect at the other end. For example, if you change the value of the input 
   box, then it will also update the value of the attached property in a 
   component class.

   What do you mean by Template reference Variable ?
-> Template variables help us to use data from a HTML template in a Typescript template.

   What are the pipes in Angular?
-> Pipes are simple functions used in HTML template expressions to accept an 
   input value and return a transformed value. Pipes are useful because 
   you can use them throughout our application, while declaring each 
   pipe once.
   Types of Pipes in Angular
   1. BuiltIn Pipes -- 
     1.Currencypipe
     2.Jsonpipe
     3.Lowercasepipe
     4.Uppercasepipe
     5.Slicepipe
     6.Decimalpipe
     7.Percentpipe
   2. Userdefined Pipes --

  
   What are Forms in Angular ? 
-> Angular forms are used to handle user's input.
   Types of Angular forms --
   1.Template Driven Forms -
     1. Mostly Work done in the Component template.
        In a Template-Driven approach, most of the logic is driven from the template.
     2. Template-driven forms are asynchronous in nature.
        Template-Driven forms use two-way data binding to update the data model in the component
        as changes are made in the template and vice versa.
     3. It is Unstructured and Mutuable.
     
   2.Reactive Forms -
     1. Mostly Work done in the Component class.
        In Reactive-Driven approach, the logic resides mainly in the Component or Typescript code. 
     2. Reactive forms are mostly synchronous in nature.
     3. It is Structured and Immutable.
     

   What do you mean by Directives in Angular ? 
-> Directives are classes that add additional behavior to HTML elements in our Angular applications. 
    Types of Directives
      1. Attribute directive --
      Change the appearance or behavior of HTML elements
      e.g -- ngClass, ngModel, ngStyle
  
     2. Structural directive --
      Structure directives manipulate the HTML DOM elements.
      e.g -- *ngIf and *ngFor and ngSwitch.

    3. Custom directive --
      Custom directives are the Userdefined Directives.

   4. Component directive -- 
      It Provides structure design and the working pattern of the components.
      It is the most commonly-used directive in any Angular project.
      @Component({
        selector: 'app-root',
        templateUrl: './app.component.html',
        styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
       })

     Selector: Tells the template tag which specifies the beginning and 
     end of the component.
     TemplateURL: Consists of the template used for the component.
     StyleUrls: It is of array type which consists of all the style format 
     files used for the template

     What is Dependency Injection ?
->   Dependency Injection is a design pattern in which a class requests dependencies
     from external sources rather than creating them.

    What is Routing ?
->  Routing basically means navigating between pages.routing allows angular to display 
    different "pages" or components on specific Urls.

     What is Dynamic Routing ?
->   Dynamic routing, also called adaptive routing, It is a process where a router can forward
     data with the Route URL.

     What do you mean by Group Routing ?
->   Group Routing allow us to group all the routes related to our modules.      
     Group Routing are helpful in the situation when you want to apply one attribute to all
     the routes. 

     What do you mean by Lazy Loading ?
->   Lazy loading is a technology of angular that allows us to load specific JavaScript 
     components when a specific route is activated. It improves application load time speed by splitting
     the application into many bundles. When the user navigates by the app, bundles are
     loaded as needed.

     What do you mean By Services ?
->   An Angular service is like simple Class file. All we have to do is create a class
     and add methods and properties. Then we can create an instance of this class in our
     Component and call its methods and data Members.
     
     Different Features of Services --
     1. Using Services we can create Global data and We can share data between components
     2. Implement Resuable Application Logic.
     3. Using Services we can External Interaction like Database Connection.
     There are two type of Services -
     1. Builtin Services
     2. Userdefined Services

     List of Predefined Services -- 
     1. filter - Filters are used for formatting data displayed to the user.
     2. http - This service facilitates communication with the remote HTTP servers via the
               browser’s XMLHttpRequest object.
     3  log - Console logger.
     

    What do you mean by Auth Guards ?
-> The auth guard is an angular route guard that's used to prevent unauthenticated or 
    unauthorized users from accessing restricted routes, it does this by using the
    CanActivate method.

    What are HostListeners ?	
->  HostListeners lets us listen for events on the host element or component directive.

    What do you mean by HostBinding ?
->  HostBinding lets us set properties on the host element or component directive.

    What is Karma ?
->  Karma is a testing automation tool created by the Angular JS team at Google.   
    
    What do you mean by Content Projection ?
->  Content projection is a pattern in which we insert, or project the content to some other
    Component to which we want to use it. 

    What is observables in Angular?
->  Observables are functions that throw values. Objects called observers subscribe to these
    values. 
    we use Observables to perform asynchronous operation and handle asynchronous data.
    Observable Emits stream of Data over a period of time.It is provided by JavaScript rxjs 
    libarary.

    What do you mean by Observer ?
->  An Observer is a consumer of values delivered by an Observable.   

    A handler for receiving observable notifications implements the Observer interface. 
    It is an object that defines callback methods to handle the three types of notifications 
    that an observable can send: 

    1. next (Required) - A handler for each delivered value. Called zero or more times after 
    execution starts.
    2. error (Optional) - A handler for an error notification. An error halts execution of the
    observable instance.
    3. complete (Optional) - A handler for the execution-complete notification. Delayed values
    can continue to be delivered to the next handler after execution is complete.

    What do you mean by Multicasting ?
->  Multicasting is the practice of broadcasting to a list of multiple subscribers in a 
    single execution.    
    With a multicasting observable, you don't register multiple listeners on the document, 
    but instead re-use the first listener and send values out to each subscriber.

    What do you mean by Rxjs? 
->  RxJS stands for (Reactive Extensions for JavaScript).It is a JavaScript libarary that allows
    us to work with asynchronous data stream.

     we can use some methods from the RxJS library that create simple observables of 
     frequently used types:

     1. of(...items)	- Returns an Observable instance that synchronously delivers the values
     provided as arguments.
     2. from(iterable) - Converts its argument to an Observable instance. This method is 
     commonly used to convert an array to an observable
    
   What do you mean by Subscribe in Angular ?
-> Subscribe() is a method in Angular that connects the observer to observable events. 
   Subscribe Method detects for any change is made in the observable. 
   observer observes the results using the Subscribe Method. 
   Subscribe() is a method from the rxjs library, used internally by Angular.

   What is the differnece between observables and promises?
->         Observables                           |   Promises
     1. Emit Multiples values over a period         1. Emit a single value at a time.
        of time.
     2. They are not executed until we subscribe    2. Execute immediately after creation.
        to them using subscribe method. 
     3. Have Subscribtion that are cancellable      3. Promises are not cancellable.
        using unsubscribe method, which stops the
        listener from futher receving values.   

    What do you mean by Subjects?
->  A Subject is a special type of Observable that allows values to be multicasted to many
    Observers. The subjects are also observers because they can subscribe to another 
    observable and get value from it, which it will multicast to all of its subscribers. 
    Basically, a subject can act as both observable & an observer.

    What do you mean by Behavioural Subject?
->  Behaviourable Subject  is a special type of observable Which multicast its values to 
    all of the obsevers who has subscribe to it.It can also act as Observer it addition it
    has a notation of a current value which returns current value.

    In Subject, the subscribers will only receive the upcoming value. In BehaviorSubject, 
    the subscribers will receive the previous value and also upcoming value.

   What is Router Outlet ?
-> Router-outlet in Angular works as a placeholder which is used to load the different
   components dynamically based on the activated component or current route state.

   What is the purpose of ngModule ?
-> NgModule is a class Marked by @NgModule decorator.
   The purpose of NgModule is to organize the application.
   The structure of an NgModule contains declarations, imports, providers, exports and 
   bootstrapping.

   What are Exports in NgModule in Angular ?
-> It enables an Angular module to expose any of its components/directives/pipes to the
    other modules from the current module in the applications.

   What are Imports in NgModule in Angular ?
-> Imports we use it to make the imported modules declarations in the current module.
   
    What are Declarations in Angular ?
->  Declarations we use it to make directives from the current module available to other 
    directives in the same module.

    What is Bootstrapping in Angular ?
->  The process of loading the index. html page, app-level module, and app-level component is 
    called Bootstrapping.
    It is used to start up an Angular application manually, it provides more control over
    the initialization of the application.    

   What are Providers in Angular ?
-> Providers is used to register the classes to an angular module as a service.
   Providers are classes that create and manage service objects.

    What are Query Parameters ?
->  Query Parameters in angular allow us passing optional parameters across any route in the 
    Application.

   What are the Different LifeCycle Hooks Methods of Angular?
   The Different LifeCycle Hook Methods of Angular
   1. ngOnInit() - It is a LifeCycle hook which is used to initialize an Angular Application
      component data When an Angular Application Component is Loaded.
   2. ngOnChanges() - The ngOnChanges is a life cycle hook, which angular fires when it 
      detects changes to data-bound input property.
   3. ngOnDestroy() -- ngOnDestroy is a life cycle method whose purpose is to perform custom 
     clean-up just before Angular destroys the Directive|Pipes|Services Instance.
   4. ngDoCheck() -- ngDoCheck  is a life cycle hook Which gets fired when it  
      detects changes that Angular can't or won't detect on its own.
   5. ngAfterContentInit() -- A Life cycle hook that is invoked immediately after Angular 
      has completed initialization of all of the directive's content.
   6. ngAfterContentChecked() -- A life cycle method that is invoked immediately after the
      Angular has completed checking all of the directive's content.

    What is Decorator and What are the different types of decorator ?
->  An Angular Decorator is a function, using which we attach metadata to a class, method,
    ,property, or parameter.
    There are four types of Decorator- 
    1. Class Decorators -  @Component and @NgModule
    2. Property Decorators - @Input and @Output
    3. Method Decorators - @HostListener @HostBinding
    4. Parameter Decorators - @Inject

    What is NativeElement in angular?
->  Native Element holds the reference to the underlying DOM object.

    What do you mean by Style binding ?
->  Style binding is used to set a style of a view element. We can set inline styles with 
    style binding.

    <nav [style.background-color]="expression"></nav>

   What do you mean by MVC Pattern ?
->  MVC Stands for Model  View Controller.This pattern is used to seprate Application 
    Concerns
    1. Model - Model contains only the pure application data, it contains no logic describing
               how to present the data to a user.
    2. View - The View presents the model’s data to the user. The view knows how to access 
              the model’s data, but it does not know what this data means or what the user
              can do to manipulate it.
    3. Controller - The Controller exists between the view and the model. It listens to 
                    events triggered by the view (or another external source) and executes 
                    the appropriate reaction to these events. 

   What do you mean by Child Routing ?
-> Routes Which are the childs of the Parent Route.                  
     
   What are ViewChild ?
-> If we want to access a Child Component, Directive, DOM element inside the parent component 
   we use the decorator @ViewChild() in Angular. Since the child component can be 
   located inside the parent component, it can accessed as @ViewChild.

   What do you mean by TestBed ?
-> TestBed is the primary api for writing unit tests for Angular applications and libraries. 

  
