   What do you mean Algorithm ?
-> An algorithm is a set of well-defined instructions to solve a particular problem. 
   It takes a set of input and produces a desired output.
   
   What you mean by Data Strutures ?
-> Data Structures is a way to store and organize so that it can be accessed and updated
   Efficently.

   What are the different types of Data Structures ?
-> There are two types of Data Structures - 
   1. Linear data Structures - 
      In Linear data Structures, the elements are arranged in sequence one after the other.
      Since elements are arranged in particular order.

      Data Structures that comes under Linear Data Structures
      1. Array - 
         Array is a Collection of Elements of similar types.Here Elements are arranged in
         Continous memory location.
      2. Stack- 
         Stack is a type of linear data strucutres that follows the principle of 
         LIFO.
      3. Queue - 
         Stack is a type of linear data strcutures that follows the principle of 
         FIFO.
      4 LinkedList - 
        LinkedList is a type of linear data structures where data elements 
        are connected through the series of nodes and each node contains the data item
        and address to the next node.

   2. Non-Linear data Structure - 
      In Non Linear Data Structures the elements are not arranged in the sequencial order
      Instead they are arranged in the hierarchical manner where one element is
      connected to one or more elements.

      Data Structures that Comes under Non-Linear Data Structures
      1. Graph - 
         In Graph data structure, each node is called vertex and each vertex is connected
         to other vertices through edges.
      2. Tree - 
         Tree data structure is similar like graph data structure, it is a collection of 
         Vertices and Edges.However In tree data structure, there can only be one edge 
         between two vertices.
        

   What is the difference between Linear and Non-Linear Data structures ?
->            Linear Data Structure      |     Non-Linear Data Structure
     
       1.The data items are arranged in      1.The data items are arranged in non-sequential 
         sequential order, one after the       order (hierarchical manner).
         other.
 
       2.All the items are present on the    2.The data items are present at different layers.
         single layer.
   
       3.The time complexity increase with   3.The time complexity remains same.
         the data size.
       
      4.It can be traversed on a single      4.It can be Traversed on a multiple run.
        run. 
        